in a moment everyone is gonna start
shooting they all want what you've got
and they'll kill each and every one of
us until they get it somebody totally
gonna set the corner on your birthday
I'm 30 years old
I wear a Hawaiian shirt for my boyfriend
dumped me a text
let's set it on fire we just want to
talk about drew Thayer he's your
boyfriend right
I'm sorry what I know you're a spy
it's a long story that I'm going to
explain everything it's in you forehead
some bad people are after me another
after you if we don't deliver this
package you've had a lot of people are
gonna die
by having never been to Europe or do you
want to go to Europe and die having been
to Europe why are those my only two
options terrorist group is buying a
series of assassinations a lot of
innocent people are gonna die unless
you're something would you trust us to
help you this is surreal and I honestly
think I'm in shock
woman you are incredible and I want you
to own it
[Music]
you have a real instinct for this
silhouette okay without you and then
[Music]
what you're the boss and yet who have
not sacrificed one ounce of femininity
that is the Beyonce of the government
[Music]